Or another day
It's just a meal around my hometown
What are you afraid of?
But the Lu family doesn't like me very much
Mom's side
Mom made too many mistakes
I apologize to you for him.
The attitude of the Lu family has nothing to do with me
I took you there to make my point
The young lady of the Lu family
You will always be my wife, Lu Jingsheng
Hey, buy a flower
I haven't eaten in days
This old man smells so bad
The flowers you sell must be stinky too, go away stinky
This is too bullying
You don't buy it, but you walk away.
No need to speak ill
What business?
Bah what did you say
How much does it cost, old man?
I'll take ten.
small
Xiaoyan Dad
You got the wrong person, dad, what's wrong with you?
Does Xiaoyan want to chase?
No, he knows my greenhouse
He comes to me anytime he wants
Then let's go back for dinner.